Merge openyurt into main (#918)
vhive-serverless/vHive: README.md

vHive has added support for the state-of-the-art extension [eStargz](https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter) to container layers and lazy pull support for container images.

> vHive has added support for [`OpenYurt`](https://openyurt.io/), an open platform that extends upstream Kubernetes to the edge. It will assist in node management for cloud and edge nodes and can be deployed with `scripts/openyurt-deployer`.

Reviewer: there is no link to the OpenYurt readme. please add. Specifying the script name in the main readme is too much detail.

> vHive has added support for the state-of-the-art extension [eStargz](https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter) to container layers and lazy pull support for container images.
> 
> vHive has added support for [`OpenYurt`](https://openyurt.io/), an open platform that extends upstream Kubernetes to the edge. It will assist in node management for cloud and edge nodes and can be deployed with [`openyurt-deployer`](scripts/openyurt-deployer/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vHive has added support for the state-of-the-art extension [eStargz](https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter) to container layers and lazy pull support for container images.

vHive supports running Knative on top of [`OpenYurt`](https://openyurt.io/), an open platform that extends upstream Kubernetes to run on edge node pools. More details on how to the Knative-atop-OpenYurt mode are described [here](scripts/openyurt-deployer/README.md).
```

please fix the above line about stargz in a similar way.

Author: added line to changelog under unreleased
